So let me show you how to use S3 Glacier
as a storage class from Amazon S3.
So if we take, for example, this copy of the JPEG file
and I'm going to do Action,
and then I can change its storage class.
So I can do Edit storage class.
In which case I can go into Glacier or Glacier Deep Archive.
So I'm going to go into Glacier. Okay.
And it has to stay there for at least 90 days.
Okay. So I will save my changes.
And now my object is being sent
into the Glacier storage class.
So this is good.
Now back in it, as we can see, the storage class has changed
for my objects.
So in my coffee.jpg,
I can see in the bottom that the storage class is Glacier.
And what I can do is that I can initiate a restore for it.
So I can do right here.
The object is stored in the Glacier storage class.
And to use it, I can initiate a restore.
Now I can say how many days I want the restored copy
to be available.
So I can say one day I want it to be available. Okay.
So this will be available until that date.
And then I have three options for retrieval.
I have Bulk, Standard, and Expedited,
but if I do Expedited,
I need to purchase what's called capacity units.
So PCU to allow myself
to go and retrieve this file faster.
So we'll go into a Standard retrieval
of these specified objects,
and I can initiate a restore. Okay.
So as you can see, the restore has been initiated.
And for me to be notified of this restore,
well, I can use event notifications.
So you can see there is a restoration in progress
and it is going to be here,
is going to be in Standard retrieval.
So we're going to wait until this is done.
But if I want it to go into my bucket,
and then you go into Properties.
Scroll down and go to Event notifications.
I can create an event notification in my bucket
called RestoreNotifications.
And at the Event type,
I'm going to look for is going to be around
the Restore object events.
So we have Restore initiated and Restore completed.
So this is when I initiate restore request
and it would have triggered a notification.
And restore completed is when I initiate,
I want the restoration soon as it is done.
And then I can send it as a destination
to a Lambda function,
an SNS topic,
or an SQS queue
and be notified accordingly.
So that's it. I will not create it.
But it gives you all the options on Glacier on AWS.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.